It's time for
you to take a take a run at this.
Again, if you're just locally
in projects folder in the repo,
there is a base of a project called
counter for hooks that you can use.
That was like we used in the last one, but
you can basically use the same project.
As well, there's also a clean
spot in examples number 20,
which is the incident
kind of reducer exercise.
Don't look at 21 cuz this is a solution.
But you can go through and give it a shot,
get some muscle memory in there, and
just go and add some, add a reducer
instead of using state for our counter.
Yeah, it's simple, but actually won't
be able to see something cool, cuz
it'll go back to that question that just
got asked about, different payload types.
And we'll be able to see a kind of cool
trick that we can do after as well.
So why don't you go and
get most of that kind of set up, and
then we'll kind of look
at it together shortly.